,article_title,article_description
0,"Amazon's October Prime Day ends tonight: Shop 85+ best deals, save up to 80%","Day 2 keeps the deals coming with savings on all your fave brands: Ninja, Levi's, Vitamix, Apple, Shark, Beats, Casper, JBL, Bose and more!"
1,"Prime Day deals that rival Black Friday: 40+ best sales at Amazon, Walmart and more","Experts curate the best Black Friday sales for Prime Day from Target, Amazon, Walmart, Kate Spade, Adidas, Kohl's and more!"
2,"These Prime Day 2 Lightning Deals won't last, and you do NOT want to pass them  up (Live Updates)","For every Prime Day deal, there's an even better Lightning Deal. These are the ones to shop today!"
3,Prime Day is a goldmine for Apple sales — score an iPad for a juicy $270 ($59 off),Also in the mix: Macbooks for $400 off and $89 AirPods!
4,"October Prime Day's best headphone deals: $90 AirPods plus Bose, Sony must-grabs","Get in on the fall harvest of savings with amazing deals on Apple, Beats, Sony, Samsung and more!"
5,The best October Prime Day 2022 TV deals you won't want to miss,"Score huge Prime Day savings on models from Amazon, LG, Samsung and more."
6,Oprah's favorite crossbody bag is perfect for fall — and it's only $45 at Amazon,Catch the RFID-protected purse in 12 great colors and patterns during Amazon's October Prime Day.
7,Bride faces backlash over ‘disrespectful’ dinner menu at wedding: ‘Extremely rude and tacky’,Nobody was on this bride's side when they heard what she served her mother-in-law.
8,Fantasy Football: Five drops to consider for your Week 6 pickups,It's time to audit those fantasy rosters. Jennifer Eakins suggests five players to consider dropping to make room for your Week 6 pickups.
9,Hallmark star James Denton moved his family to Minnesota a month after 'Desperate Housewives' ended: 'I knew the value of growing up in a smaller town',The actor and soon-to-be-empty-nester  is starring opposite his son in a new Hallmark film.
10,Woman refuses to pay for boyfriend’s parents’ dinner: ‘He was shocked’,A woman is refusing to pay for her boyfriend's meals when they go out.
11,Woman ‘ashamed’ after discovering husband’s secret household behavior: ‘[It’s] really concerning’,People thought this husband was showing some serious red flags.
12,"Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, says Botox can 'make the big wrinkle go away,' but 'then you look like a plastic figurine'","The ""Halloween Ends"" star, 63, shared her thoughts about Botox, getting older and the wisdom she's gained."
13,Brett Favre on $77M Mississippi welfare scandal: 'I have been unjustly smeared in the media',Favre has denied any wrongdoing regarding the funds used to build a volleyball stadium at Southern Miss.
14,Mom ‘lost and scared’ after husband let newborn cry for ‘2 hours straight’ while she was away,A mom is afraid her husband doesn't know how to take care of their newborn.
15,The stock market's 'nightmare' chart is already a reality: Morning Brief,"What to watch in markets Wednesday, October 12, 2022."
16,Russian media confronts new problem: Reality,"Nearly eight months into a faltering war effort, difficult truths are becoming ever more difficult to ignore, from Ukraine’s blistering September counteroffensive to last weekend’s bombing of a bridge between Russia and Crimea."
17,"Putin could be overthrown and replaced by someone even more extreme, former UK spy chief warns",Sir Alex Younger says the West should be careful what it wishes for as the Russian president backs himself into a corner.
18,The Suns’ curious handling of Jae Crowder creates more questions than answers,Crowder stands as the main transactional domino front offices across the league are waiting to see fall.
19,Fantasy Football: RB rankings for Week 6,Check out how the running back position stacks up in Week 6 in our positional rankings.
20,Student loan forgiveness: Government offers glimpse of application for borrowers,The Education Department (ED) provided a look at the student loan forgiveness application on Tuesday.
21,Fantasy Football: Week 6 tight end rankings,Check out how the tight end position stacks up in Week 6 in our positional rankings.
22,Loni Love says she still 'has a ways to go' following 40-pound weight loss: 'I want to be a role model',Loni Love says she still 'has a ways to go' following 40-pound weight loss: 'I want to be a role model'
23,Solar-powered Sion EV solves 'biggest hurdle' with charging: Sono CEO,"Germany’s Sono Motors is trying to solve the charger conundrum with its Sion crossover EV. The Sion has 456 solar half cells embedded into its body panels in order to harness the sun’s power to charge the car’s battery. And the Sion is coming out soon, as early as next year, and likely coming to the U.S. too."
24,Buy these 6 travel essentials that are less than $30 on Amazon for Prime Day before the hectic holiday travel season begins,Add them to your Amazon cart right now.
25,The 2024 Ford Mustang will be 'much more difficult' to tune,Tuning the 2024 Ford Mustang will be difficult because the Fully-Networked Vehicle (FNV) electrical architecture includes an encrypted ECU.
26,"United adds new summer 2023 routes, citing strong demand","United Airlines (UAL) is adding nine transatlantic routes to its summer 2023 schedule, citing strong 2022 demand."
27,Blue Jays reveal all the injuries George Springer suffered in Game 2 collision,Toronto Blue Jays outfielder George Springer suffered a concussion and a sprained shoulder after a collision with Bo Bichette in Toronto's loss to the Seattle Mariners on Saturday.
28,It's painful how hellbent Mark Zuckerberg is on convincing us that VR is a thing,"At Meta Connect 2022, the company's annual developer conference for its VR efforts and Oculus hardware platform, the company announced a lot of stuff — but what it communicated more effectively than anything else was just how incredibly thirsty — one might even say desperate — Mark Zuckerberg is for his metaverse bet to pay off.  No one's disputing that, but Zuck's overscripted and overproduced dev event keynote today was easily the hardest sell for not just a product or a platform, but the prem"
29,Amazon shoppers say Yeti mugs will keep drinks hot for hours — and they're on sale for Prime members,"Until Oct. 12, Amazon Prime members can save up to 30 per cent on Yeti drinkware via Amazon's Prime Early Access Sale."
30,Daily Fantasy Football Week 6: Lineup building blocks and undervalued options to target,Who should you consider when building your daily fantasy lineup? Dalton Del Don sets the table for the Week 6 slate.
31,Venables: Up to OU to change the narrative,"Oklahoma fans are just left scratching their heads right now, trying to figure out how their Sooners went from 3-0 to"
32,"Meet Bailey Zappe, who has Bill Belichick suddenly hedging on naming Patriots' starting QB","New England surprised plenty of people when they drafted Zappe in the fourth round last spring. Now, he's surprising them."
33,These 9 Prime Day furniture deals are almost too good to be true — shop stunning pieces at crazy low prices,Upgrade your home before the holiday season.
34,Hockey broadcaster Ray Ferraro departs TSN after 14 years,It’s the end of an era in Canadian sports broadcasting.
35,USWNT loses consecutive games for first time in 5 years. Is it time to worry?,"The USWNT lost to a Spanish B-team 2-0 on Tuesday, four days after losing to England."
36,Isaiah Garcia-Castaneda enters name in the transfer portal,"Isaiah Garcia-Castaneda's career at Nebraska has come to an end: The Huskers receiver has entered his name in the transfer portal, he said via Twitter on Tuesday morning.  “First, I’d like to thank Husker Nation and the University of Nebraska football program for accepting me into this community with open arms,” Garcia-Castaneda wrote.  After the Oklahoma game, I discussed with my family that it was best for me to redshirt for the rest of this season."
37,Ron Johnson Gets Old Promise Brutally Flipped Back On Him By Local Newspaper,The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel torched the Donald Trump loyalist in a stinging column that went to town on his many failings.
38,"Missouri Woman Escapes Weeks-Long Rape, Torture After Alleged Captor Took Child To School","A Missouri man is in custody after a woman allegedly escaped his captivity and alerted neighbors for help. Timothy Marrion Haslett Jr., 40, was charged Friday night with the kidnapping and rape of an unnamed woman in Excelsior Springs, Missouri — about 30 miles northeast of Kansas City — according to the Clay County Sheriff’s Office. Sheriff’s deputies responded to initial witness reports came around 7:47 a.m. on Friday that a woman was banging on doors and screaming for help. Neighbors told new"
